// About Us

We produce palm sugar, provide coffee beans and tea leaves, bamboo and wood crafts from various regions in Indonesia with the best standards and processing.

// Journery

At the beginning, our company engaged with small manufactures in our area. The factory produces various types of coconut-based products. After that our company developed by cooperating with farmers and craftsmen with various basic materials of wood and coconut.

// Features

Openness
We will always be open to providing information needed by all consumers regarding the products needed quickly and accurately

Integrity
Integrity means always telling the truth. Keep agreements and treat others with honesty and respect.
Integrity is important and fundamental.

Quality
We are committed to always maintain quality and provide quality with the best standards requested

Commitment
We are committed to always provide the best for all consumers and investors.

// Product

1. Palm sugar

Palm sugar is a sweetener derived from any variety of palm tree. Palm sugar is sometimes qualified by the type of palm, as in coconut palm sugar. While sugars from different palms may have slightly different compositions, all are processed similarly and can be used interchangeably.

2. Tea 

Tea is an aromatic beverage prepared by pouring hot or boiling water over cured or fresh leaves of Camellia sinensis, an evergreen shrub native to China and East Asia.After water, it is the most widely consumed drink in the world. There are many different types of tea; some, like Chinese greens and Darjeeling, have a cooling, slightly bitter, and astringent flavour, while others have vastly different profiles that include sweet, nutty, floral, or grassy notes. Tea has a stimulating effect in humans primarily due to its caffeine content. Loose leaf tea is good for your health. Tea has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties which can contribute to your overall wellness. The primary chemicals responsible for the health claims of green tea, called catechins, are found in the highest concentrations in fresh leaves.

3. Palm broom stick

PALM BROOM STICK 
palm broom stick is a broom made from indonesian palm leaves. Can used as a craft material and for cleaning tools. Our Specs : – Length : 90-120 cm

4. Round bamboo wall art

Round out your accent wall with this impressive woven art piece made from bamboo. Reminiscent of open-air market selling baskets, with a slightly concave shape and shallow rim, it adds warmth, texture and eclectic style wherever it's hung handcrafted from bamboo.

5. Kopi:

A coffee bean is a seed of the Coffea plant and the source for coffee. It is the pip inside the red or purple fruit often referred to as a cherry. Just like ordinary cherries, the coffee fruit is also a so-called stone fruit.
We also provide coffee in powder.

Type of coffee powder
-Very coarse (extra coarse) The shape of this coffee bean grind is very coarse, almost similar to the shape of a peppercorn.
-Rough (coarse)
-Medium coarse (medium coarse) 
-Medium (medium)
-Medium fine (medium fine)
-Smooth (fine) 
-Very fine (extra fine)

6. Wood Kitchen Utensils

Wood is a cutlery that is known to be safe from reaction with food. In addition to looking natural, wooden cutlery has a design that is quite unique so it is widely preferred for cutlery as well as kitchen and dining table decorations. Wood is one of the materials known for its strength and durability, if you use wooden cutlery, this will give you some advantages such as a long and strong period of use with the temperature of the food ingredients so you don't need to be afraid to be wasteful buying cutlery because wooden utensils are quite safe and durable. Using wooden utensils is considered quite environmentally friendly because it reduces the use of plastic or deep metal. The industry has waste that is quite dangerous for the environment.

7. Coconut charcoal briquette

Coconut charcoal briquette usually consists of more than one ingredient. It can come from coconut shells, coconut wood sawdust or ordinary wood, bagasse, and so on. But for the most important is coconut wood charcoal.